1) Java 8 low level questions

2) SQL and Oracle

3) hash map

4) equal and hash code

5) Hash map vs hash table 

6) Concurrent Hash Map, tree map

7) Allow multiple threads Java and JVM 

8) Off heap

9) Difference between abstract class and interface Java
Java interface should be implemented using keyword “implements”; 
A Java abstract class should be extended using keyword “extends”
A Java class can implement multiple interfaces but it can extend only one abstract class.


10) Advantage and disadvantage of using abstract class and interface Java

11) Java 8 functional interface

12) Volatile VS concurrency
Using volatile is yet another way (like synchronized, atomic wrapper) of making class thread safe.
Thread safe means that a method or class instance can be used by multiple threads at the same time without any problem.

13) Synchronized lock, The purpose of using it

14) What’s access modifiers in java : public, private...

Private: The access level of a private modifier is only within the class. It cannot be accessed from outside the class.
Default: The access level of a default modifier is only within the package. It cannot be accessed from outside the package. If you do not specify any access level, it will be the default.
Protected: The access level of a protected modifier is within the package and outside the package through child class. If you do not make the child class, it cannot be accessed from outside the package.
Public: The access level of a public modifier is everywhere. It can be accessed from within the class, outside the class, within the package and outside the package.

15) SOAP, REST SOAP

16) SQL Development: truncate vs delete

17) Heap-Offloading, allocate memory...garbage collection


what are optionals, streams, hash maps etc 

Started off with Introduction and asked core java questions on singleton class,threading,exceptions.Then moved on to ask project related questions and some puzzles.

completable future in java8  

Code to find the loop in linkedlist  




transient is a variables modifier used in serialization. At the time of serialization, if we don’t want to save value of a particular variable in a file, then we use transient keyword.

